2023.1:
 * Version 2.2 (Rev. 6)
 * General: Added Support for future devices
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2022.2.2:
 * Version 2.2 (Rev. 5)
 * No changes

2022.2.1:
 * Version 2.2 (Rev. 5)
 * No changes

2022.2:
 * Version 2.2 (Rev. 5)
 * Bug Fix: Fixed synthesis critical warnings with BPC=8bit configuration
 * Other: Corrected the Line Rate support for the SBVB Package devices
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2022.1.2:
 * Version 2.2 (Rev. 4)
 * No changes

2022.1.1:
 * Version 2.2 (Rev. 4)
 * No changes

2022.1:
 * Version 2.2 (Rev. 4)
 * Bug Fix: Removed instantiation of unused subcore proc_sys_rst instance.
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2021.2.2:
 * Version 2.2 (Rev. 3)
 * No changes

2021.2.1:
 * Version 2.2 (Rev. 3)
 * No changes

2021.2:
 * Version 2.2 (Rev. 3)
 * General: Added support for Artix ultrascale plus devices
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2021.1.1:
 * Version 2.2 (Rev. 2)
 * No changes

2021.1:
 * Version 2.2 (Rev. 2)
 * Bug Fix: Fixed clock,data misalignment issue in Master mode for Versal families
 * Feature Enhancement: Added YUV 422 10bit support
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2020.3:
 * Version 2.2 (Rev. 1)
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2020.2.2:
 * Version 2.2
 * No changes

2020.2.1:
 * Version 2.2
 * No changes

2020.2:
 * Version 2.2
 * Bug Fix: Example testbench issues fixed
 * Feature Enhancement: Allows higher line rate selection for 7series devices
 * Feature Enhancement: Example design support added for versal devices
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2020.1.1:
 * Version 2.1
 * No changes

2020.1:
 * Version 2.1
 * Feature Enhancement: Added MIPI D-PHY v2.0 Specification support with limited line-rate support(up to 3.2G)
 * Feature Enhancement: Added RAW16 , RAW20 Support
 * Feature Enhancement: Added Support of equal bandwidth requirement of input and output interface for Effective Pixel widths >=32
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2019.2.2:
 * Version 2.0 (Rev. 7)
 * No changes

2019.2.1:
 * Version 2.0 (Rev. 7)
 * No changes

2019.2:
 * Version 2.0 (Rev. 7)
 * Feature Enhancement: Added MIPI D-PHY v2.0 Specification support with limited line-rate support
 * Other: Added support for Versal devices
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2019.1.3:
 * Version 2.0 (Rev. 6)
 * No changes

2019.1.2:
 * Version 2.0 (Rev. 6)
 * No changes

2019.1.1:
 * Version 2.0 (Rev. 6)
 * Feature Enhancement: Added MIPI D-PHY v1.2 Specification support
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2019.1:
 * Version 2.0 (Rev. 5)
 * New Feature: Added example design
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2018.3.1:
 * Version 2.0 (Rev. 4)
 * No changes

2018.3:
 * Version 2.0 (Rev. 4)
 * Feature Enhancement: For Effective Pixel width <= 32 , enhanced to support Equal Bandwith ratio on Input and Ouput interfaces
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2018.2:
 * Version 2.0 (Rev. 3)
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2018.1:
 * Version 2.0 (Rev. 2)
 * Feature Enhancement: Frame End Generation support from Register based Configuration
 * Other: Added support for additional 7 series devices
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2017.4:
 * Version 2.0 (Rev. 1)
 * Feature Enhancement: Support for  Virtex7,Kintex7,Artix7,Zynq-7000 devices at Production status
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2017.3:
 * Version 2.0
 * Port Change: Grouped *txp, *txn ports as *mipi_phy_if interface
 * Bug Fix: MIPI CSI-2 Tx Controller 'controller ready' behaviour now consider MIPI D-PHY Initialization Completion
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2017.2:
 * Version 1.0 (Rev. 3)
 * Bug Fix: Corrected License status from Included to Purchase in the IP Catalog GUI
 * Feature Enhancement: Support for non-continuous clock mode
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2017.1:
 * Version 1.0 (Rev. 2)
 * Bug Fix: Fixed the scenario when the Word-Count > Received Payload to safely process the packet
 * Bug Fix: Fixed the Clock Lane Enable & Request resetting w.r.t Controller Reset
 * Feature Enhancement: Updated 7-Series line rates
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.4:
 * Version 1.0 (Rev. 1)
 * Bug Fix: Fixed the Word-count 0,1,2 issue in Lane Distribution Block for 3,4 lanes
 * Bug Fix: Fixed the resetting of internal states in RGB888 Data Type interleaving case
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.3:
 * Version 1.0
 * General: Initial release
 * General: Support for 7-Series, Zynq 7000, UltraScale+, Zynq UltraScale+ MPSoC
 * General: Subsystem with integrated MIPI DPHY Controller and CSI-2 Tx Controller.
 * General: Support for 1 to 4 DPHY lanes
 * General: AXI4-Stream and Navtive Video Input interface selection

(c) Copyright 2016 - 2023 Xilinx, Inc. All rights reserved.

This file contains confidential and proprietary information
of Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and
international copyright and other intellectual property
laws.

DISCLAIMER
This disclaimer is not a license and does not grant any
rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as
otherwise provided in a valid license issued to you by
Xilinx, and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable
law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING
BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-
INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort,
including negligence, or under any other theory of
liability) for any loss or damage of any kind or nature
related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect,
special, incidental, or consequential loss or damage
(including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any type of
loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought
by a third party) even if such damage or loss was
reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been advised of the
possibility of the same.

CRITICAL APPLICATIONS
Xilinx products are not designed or intended to be fail-
safe, or for use in any application requiring fail-safe
performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities,
applications related to the deployment of airbags, or any
other applications that could lead to death, personal
injury, or severe property or environmental damage
(individually and collectively, "Critical
Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical
Applications, subject only to applicable laws and
regulations governing limitations on product liability.

THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS
PART OF THIS FILE AT ALL TIMES.
